<!DOCTYPE html>
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8" />
<title>how-healthy.com</title>
<meta name="description" content="how-healthy.com is operated by 'Web Hosting Panel' and strongly suggests you to use any of their solutions: domain name registration, hosting, virtual server, semi-dedicated hosting and dedicated server solutions.">
<meta name="keywords" content="domain name registration, shared web hosting, virtual hosting, semi-dedicated hosting, dedicated server">
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/no1-best-hosting/themes/orange-black/styles.css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/no1-best-hosting/css/style.css" /><link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/no1-best-hosting/css/custom3.css" />


<!-- Internet Explorer HTML5 enabling code: -->

 <!--[if IE]>
        <script src="http://html5shiv.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/html5.js"></script>

        <style type="text/css">
        .clear {
          zoom: 1;
          display: block;
        }
        </style>


        <![endif]-->

</head>

<body class="home">
<section id="page">
<!-- Defining the #page section with the section tag -->

<header> <!-- Defining the header section of the page with the appropriate tag -->
   <hgroup>
    <h4>how-healthy.com</h4>
    <div class="poweredby">managed by '<a href="/no1-best-hosting/webhostingpanel/">Web Hosting Panel</a>'</div>
  </hgroup>
 
  
	<nav class="clear">
		<ul>
						<li><a class="domains" href="/no1-best-hosting/domain-names-account/">Domains</a></li>
						
						<li><a class="hosting" href="/no1-best-hosting/web-hosting-plan/">Web Hosting</a></li>
						
						<li><a class="vps" href="/no1-best-hosting/virtual-plan/">VPS</a></li>
						
						<li><a class="semi" href="/no1-best-hosting/semi-dedicated-services/">Semi-Dedicated</a></li>
						
						<li><a class="dedi" href="/no1-best-hosting/dedicated-hosting-packages/">Dedicated Hosting</a></li>
						
			<li class="order"><span class="shopingcart"><a class="order_link" href="/no1-best-hosting/order/#/Plans/Business/">Order</a></span></li>
		</ul>
	</nav>

  
</header>
<p class="breadcrumb">Home</p>
<section>
  <article class="clear">
    <!-- The new article tag. The id is supplied so it can be scrolled into view. -->
    <h1>Welcome to how-healthy.com</h1>
    <div class="line"></div>
    <p>Web Hosting Panel has registered how-healthy.com for one of its clients. If you are the real domain holder, you can manipulate it by logging in your <a href="https://us.cloudlogin.co">Control Panel</a>.</p>
  </article>
  
  <article class="content_50left clear">
	    <div class="article_head"><h2>Domain Names</h2>
      <span class="price article_price">from $<span style="font-size:50px">4</span>.<span style="vertical-align:top;">50</span> USD per year</span></div>
       <div class="clear article_text">
<p>Obtain your catchy web address with Web Hosting Panel &ndash; a trusted <a href="/no1-best-hosting/domain-names-account/">domain names</a> services vendor, before it’s gone. Free domain controls &ndash; modify NS, edit Whois details, multiple parked domains.</p></div>
	<div class="line2" style="width:100%;"></div>
	    <div class="article_head"><h2>Shared Hosting</h2>
    <span class="price article_price">from $<span style="font-size:50px">4</span>.<span style="vertical-align:top;">33</span> USD /mo</span></div>
       <div class="clear article_text">
	<p>Select where to host your web sites with Web Hosting Panel &ndash; a аffordable <a href="/no1-best-hosting/web-hosting-plan/">reliable website hosting</a> services company with almost 10 years of experience in the hosting industry. <a href="/no1-best-hosting/web-hosting.php">Web hosting</a> data centers in USA, UK, Sweden &amp; Australia. A point &amp; click Control Panel.</p></div>
	<div class="line2" style="width:100%;"></div>
	      <div class="article_head"><h2>VPS Hosting</h2>
    <span class="price article_price">from $<span style="font-size:50px">29</span>.<span style="vertical-align:top;">00</span> USD /mo</span></div>
       <div class="clear article_text">
    <p>Accommodate your websites in USA, England, or Australia with Web Hosting Panel - a cheap <a href="/no1-best-hosting/virtual-plan/">virtual private servers</a> solution provider with a solid background in the VPS business. Order now &ndash; get a free Site Manager and a free IP.</p></div>
	<div class="line2" style="width:100%;"></div>
	

	<div class="article_head"><h2>Semi-Dedicated Hosting</h2>
    <span class="price article_price">from $<span style="font-size:50px">30</span>.<span style="vertical-align:top;">00</span> USD /mo</span></div>
       <div class="clear article_text">
    <p>Enjoy more power for your demanding applications with Web Hosting Panel &ndash; a top <a href="/no1-best-hosting/semi-dedicated-services/">semi dedicated servers hosting</a> solution  company. Get a point and click Control Panel, a Free Site Builder &amp; a Free One-click Web Apps Installer. 24x7 support.</p></div>
	<div class="line2" style="width:100%;"></div>
	

	<div class="article_head"><h2>Dedicated Servers Hosting</h2>
    <span class="price article_price">from $<span style="font-size:50px">125</span>.<span style="vertical-align:top;">00</span> USD /mo</span></div>
       <div class="clear article_text">
    <p>Get the best hosting conditions for your websites with Web Hosting Panel &ndash; a top <a href="/no1-best-hosting/dedicated-hosting-packages/">dedicated servers hosting</a> solutions provider. You will be offered a No-cost Control Panel and a few free dedicated IPs. OS options. Full root-level access. No server setup fees.</p></div>
	<div class="line2" style="width:100%;"></div>
	</article>
  <article class="sidebar_40right clear">
  <div class="cont">
                <h3 class="current"><a href="/no1-best-hosting/affordable-domain/">Affordable Domain</a></h3>
        <div class="pane">
          <p>One of the most important requirements for building a successful web presence is the domain. It is what visitors will perceive first when they stumble upon your web site and what they will associate you with. The domain should be easy to remember, but should also be something that notifies your web site's visitors what the web page is about.</p></div>
                        <h3><a href="/no1-best-hosting/cheap-shared-website-hosting/">Cheap Shared Website Hosting</a></h3>
        <div class="pane">
          <p>As the IT niche proliferates incessantly, innovative hosting solutions are brought in to make website creation and administration simpler than ever. A website hosting plan with the smallest hard disk space and web traffic quotas used to cost 10&#8217;s of dollars per month, but now, some service providers provide unlimited plans for only a fraction of this price, allowing users and small-size businesses to take their place in the online universe.</p></div>
                        <h3><a href="/no1-best-hosting/virtual-private-server-definition/">Virtual Private Server Definition</a></h3>
        <div class="pane">
         <p>To meet the need for low-priced, but reliable hosting services, suppliers launched an intermediate web hosting platform - the virtual hosting server. This is a virtual emulation of a server that acts exactly like a dedicated server and is much more feature-rich than any shared website hosting account. On the other hand, as multiple accounts are set up on the very same physical machine and each individual pays for their account, the cost of a VPS web server hosting account is considerably lower than the cost of a dedicated server dedicated server. A low-end virtual private hosting server plan is a bit more high-priced than the most feature-rich shared webspace hosting account, but its resources surpass decidedly those of the shared webspace hosting package.</p>
        </div>
                        <h3><a href="/no1-best-hosting/semi-dedicated-hosting-accounts-article/">Semi-Dedicated Hosting Accounts</a></h3>
<div class="pane">

<p>The popularly-priced semi-dedicated hosting packages from Web Hosting Panel are designed for those of you, whose online demands have started to outgrow the resources of their present hosting platform, and who are not yet ready to move to a dedicated hosting solution. Semi-dedicated server solutions excel virtual servers mainly in the bigger amount of resources that enable you to run more traffic-consuming pages and more advanced scripts and applications. Each semi-dedicated solution is equipped with unlimited disk space and monthly traffic quotas, unlimited hosted domains and email accounts, etc. Also, you will get a FREE CP with a quick point and click interface that makes administering your semi-dedicated server a breeze.
</p></div>
                
                <h3><a href="/no1-best-hosting/dedicated-hosting-description/">Dedicated Hosting Description</a></h3>
        <div class="pane"><p>Corporate web sites, social networks and video sharing portals are very famous and heavy web sites that necessitate a lot of system resources to operate. The more viewers a web portal accommodates concurrently, the more resources will be demanded to cope with all the requests from the clients' browsers and to execute them. Therefore a dedicated server would be the optimal web space hosting solution for such websites.</p>
</div>
             </div>

    </article>
    <footer class="clear" style="width:96%">
      <!--<div><span><strong>Web Hosting</strong></span><br/>
  <ul>
    <li><a href="#">Reseller cPanel CLOUD Hosting</a></li>
    <li><a href="#">East Coast Hosting</a></li>
    <li><a href="#">West Coast Hosting</a></li>
    <li><a href="#">Canadian Hosting</a></li>
    <li><a href="#">Australian Hosting</a></li>
    <li><a href="#">UK Web Hosting</a></li>
    <li><a href="#">European Hosting</a></li>
    <li><a href="#">Sweden Hosting</a></li>
  </ul>
</div>
<div><span><strong>Universal Domains</strong></span><br/>
  <ul>
    <li><a href="#">dot COM domains</a></li>
    <li><a href="#">dot NET domains</a></li>
    <li><a href="#">dot ORG domains</a></li>
    <li><a href="#">dot INFO domains</a></li>
    <li><a href="#">dot BIZ domains</a></li>
    <li><a href="#">dot US domains</a></li>
    <li><a href="#">dot UK domains</a></li>
    <li><a href="#">dot EU domains</a></li>
  </ul>
</div>
<div><span><strong>Country Domains</strong></span><br/>
  <ul>
    <li><a href="#">dot Canada</a></li>
    <li><a href="#">dot Australia</a></li>
    <li><a href="#">dot New Zealand</a></li>
    <li><a href="#">dot France</a></li>
    <li><a href="#">dot Espana</a></li>
    <li><a href="#">dot Norway</a></li>
    <li><a href="#">dot Deutchland</a></li>
    <li><a href="#">dot Mexico</a></li>
  </ul>
</div>
<div><span><strong>What is Articles</strong></span><br/>
  <ul>
    <li><a href="#">Domain name</a></li>
    <li><a href="#">Domain extension</a></li>
    <li><a href="#">Generic domain</a></li>
    <li><a href="#">Country code domain</a></li>
    <li><a href="#">Domain registration</a></li>
    <li><a href="#">Domain transfer</a></li>
    <li><a href="#">Domain renewal</a></li>
    <li><a href="#">Domain expiration</a></li>
  </ul>
</div>-->


<p class="clear">Copyright &copy; 2003-2013 <a href="http://how-healthy.com">how-healthy.com</a>. All rights Reserved!</p>

<script src="/no1-best-hosting/js/jquery-1.6.2.min.js"></script>
<link href="/no1-best-hosting/css/colorbox.css" media="screen" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
<script src="/no1-best-hosting/js/jquery.colorbox-min.js"></script>
<script src="/no1-best-hosting/js/jquery.tools.min.js"></script>
<script src="/no1-best-hosting/js/script.js"></script>
<!--[if IE]>
  <script type="text/javascript" src="/no1-best-hosting/js/selectivizr.js"></script>
<![endif]-->


 

<script type="text/javascript" src="http://pvdspek.github.com/downloads/jquery.autoellipsis-1.0.2.min.js"></script> 
      <script>
			$(function(){
              $(".sidebar_40right").height($(".content_50left").height());
              $(".sidebar_40right").each(function() {
                  $(this).find(".cont")
                  .height(parseInt($(".sidebar_40right").height() - 10 + 'px'))
                  .ellipsis();
				});
          });
		</script>

    </footer>
</section>
</section>
</body>
</html>
 <!-- QrrqT -->
<!-- 88ee6a79e48b70d147fcd4869c32cd8d -->
